docs/rationale.rst, before:

Rationale
=========

Pyappcache takes a slightly different approach to other cache libraries.

First class key objects
-----------------------

In pyappcache, keys are first class objects - though you can use strings too if
you prefer.

Make keys a first class object to make it easier to centralise logic around
keying and avoid typos and other common mistakes that arise when using strings
as keys.

Support multiple caches
-----------------------

Redis and Memcache are both popular volatile caches.  Pyappcache also includes
an implementation using Sqlite can be useful in some scenarios.

It's also easy(ish) to implement support for a new cache.

Support type hints
------------------

Pyappcache has full type hinting to help cache bugs.  The most useful of these
are likely going to be catching causes where it is assumed that something is
always going to be present and where a different object than expected is being
kept under a key.

Pluggable serialisation and compression
---------------------------------------

The specifics of how Python objects are turned into bytestrings is explicit and
pluggable - you can provide your own compression and serialisation methods.

Commit message:

Sort out keys (a bit)
And improve documentation

docs/rationale.rst, after:

Rationale
=========

Pyappcache takes a slightly different approach to other cache libraries.

First class key objects
-----------------------

In pyappcache, keys are first class objects - though you can use strings too if
you prefer.

Make keys a first class object to make it easier to centralise logic around
keying and avoid typos and other common mistakes that arise when using strings
as keys.

Support multiple caches
-----------------------

Redis and Memcache are both popular volatile caches.  Pyappcache also includes
an implementation using Sqlite can be useful in some scenarios.

It's also easy(ish) to implement support for a new cache.

Support type hints
------------------

Pyappcache has type hinting to help catch bugs - particularly the common
mistake of forgetting that the cache might return nothing!

Pluggable serialisation and compression
---------------------------------------

The specifics of how Python objects are turned into bytestrings is explicit and
pluggable - you can provide your own compression and serialisation methods.

Inspectable
-----------

Pyappcache generates predictable cache keys to make debugging easier - you'll
be able to predict what key is generated (and if you don't know, you can ask a
key object in a REPL).
